Make quarkus.kafka-streams.topics optional (#9381)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/kafka-streams.adoc

If you are using the `quarkus-smallrye-health` extension, `quarkus-kafka-streams` will automatically add:

> * a readiness health check to validate that all topics statically declared in the Topology are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a readiness health check to validate that all source topics statically declared in the Topology have been created.
```
